202205 Release Notes (#1087)
sonic-net/SONiC: doc/SONiC_202205_Release_Notes.md

# SONiC 202205 Release Notes

This document captures the new features added and enhancements done on existing features/sub-features for the SONiC [202205](https://github.com/Azure/SONiC/wiki/Release-Progress-Tracking-202205) release.

# Table of Contents

 * [Branch and Image Location](#branch-and-image-location)
 * [Dependency Version](#dependency-version)
 * [Security Updates](#security-updates)
 * [Feature List](#feature-list)
 * [SAI APIs](#sai-apis)
 * [Contributors](#contributors)

# Branch and Image Location  

Branch : https://github.com/Azure/sonic-buildimage/tree/202205 <br> 

> Image  : https://sonic-build.azurewebsites.net/ui/sonic/pipelines  (Example - Image for Broadcom based platforms is [here](https://sonic-build.azurewebsites.net/ui/sonic/pipelines/138/builds/51255/artifacts/98637?branchName=master&artifactName=sonic-buildimage.broadcom))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Image  : https://sonic-build.azurewebsites.net/ui/sonic/pipelines  (Example - Image for Broadcom based platforms is [here](https://sonic-build.azurewebsites.net/api/sonic/artifacts?branchName=master&platform=broadcom&artifactName=sonic-buildimage.broadcom))
```
The given link does not work.
